When we see the artists coming we know our taxes are going to go up. 
Whenever we make an improvement that brings in the middle class and that is what drives us out.
If this is a center for white hipsters than you have already failed.
You need a meeting with neighbors, developers, and government officials about this planned development to interrogate the effects of gentrification on our population.
Gentrification is Economic Apartheid.
The new farms in our community are not for me.
My Problem is that the city and the developers don't care about the people who already live in here. They care about the people who are going to move us out.
You say you want diversity? It was diverse till you all came over.
We didn't build this community so white people could have a community garden.
My kids have friends here but I am not sure I can afford the taxes.
I walked into a small café that has been here forever and a bunch of white people looked at me as if to say what are you doing here?
The only path for the kids: over the fence and across the train tracks.
You’ve got two types of hipster: the imperial hipsters and the hipster gone native - the no neighbors and the new neighbors.
Gentrification is erasing the history of the city.
The high school I taught at used to be 50% Black, now hardly.
The brown skins are from indigenous people. When the pilgrim comes in to plant his flag, I put on my warpaint. When I see a bulldozer wipe out a house, I see a grave. And in that grave is my heritage and culture. And on that grave they plant a McMansion – a McMansion I call a Mausoleum.
La renta está muy altas y pagan muy poco en los pocos trabajos que hay. 
Lack of support for people that have lived here for years. They are getting pushed out into less safe areas. It’s not right.
There are jobs here but they don’t pay enough to live here. 
A home is a home, not an investment.
They say "I love the smell of corn tortillas in the morning." Then they bulldoze the home of the old man who was planted that corn.
The city council people are responsible for the genocide and destruction of our culture on the .
Artists get such a soft stake and small reward in being "problem solvers."
It is insulting to hear two white boys ask us what we want. The cake is already baked and you come and ask us for the ingredients?
Development is decimating us. Even the affordable housing will hurt us, because it will destroy our culture. Our families are not used to living in apartments. You destroyed Black culture when you stuck them in projects. We are going to be the poor people displaced.
Locals need to own businesses, investment real estate in addition to their homes or they will not keep their homes as taxes go up.
They're putting three homes where there used to be one.
The only way we are going to help our community is through economic and public policy training and information.
Ask North East DC what success would look like.
The most important issue in our communities is we don’t know anything about economics. We need a Latino public policy research center. We are the only people who don’t have it.
How are we supposed to organize when we are too tired from working and getting the kids out the door to school to be coming to those meetings? The city/ school board count on the fact that we are too busy to get involved.
I don't want more section-8 living in my neighborhood; I want wealthy families to live here
I have nothing to give my children except my home, and I won’t sell that, so it is no good to them until I am dead
Nobody told us they were going to put a bike route through our neighborhood. Now the bikers take the parking by the playground where we usually watch our children play, so we have to park on the other side where the undesirables are. The lot is big enough; we just need to mark out which spots are for the bikers and which are for the parents.
How can we get our population to be productive economically, rather than being labor.
Our biggest challenge is to build our own financial systems
We are 40% and we need to walk that and demand it; not ask for it.	
There is a significant depopulation of our inner city schools.
In the past the poor got pushed to the city. Now they are getting pushed to the Suburbs. You lose our sense of community when you get moved away. You get more land and a bigger house but you lose your sense of community.
They say "we love the city". And the first thing they do is change it.
The bulls fight, and once they are done, the little cows are brought in to calm it all down. The artists are the little cows. And the bulls are the developers.
There is distrust and animosity towards the city government because people have been wronged before.
We need building code supportive of creative industry.
We are not getting money back from the downtown investment
We have businesses run by blacks and Hispanics but they are not making money.
The development is for the creative sector, and the current residents are not the creative sector. How can we include the neighrbors in what the development will be?
I can quickly size up “Yeah you are not from here,” but does that make me not like them? No, but it does for others.
The African American community I work with has a very deep rooted culture. That blues culture brings in the young anglo kids, who  move into the area traditionally African American and change it.
Starting a conversation without including and empowering the local community of color is the usual way of doing things and keeps us in the position of not leading this conversation. We have a conversation about cultural equity and disparity on the table, while continuing to enact cultural inequity.
Artists need to get a financial stakehold in the places they live.
Developers market directly to the young white single.
Then the authenticity leaves, the people leave.
The idea of leaving just as the center of things you imagined have arrived.
People who have lived in the neighborhood for a long time, they no longer have their community there. Even if they are one of the few who can afford to stay, their community has been changed. It is no longer theirs.
There are not a lot of initiatives for artists to own property, no livework movement.  Artists have to learn how to advocate for themselves
How can we train artist to construct communities rather than always having to leave?
How can we find new models for cultural development in a community, so that artists understand themselves as change agents?