I bought a tiny little condo and now it is becoming a tax burden.
The state is giving their messed up highways back to the city so they don’t have to maintain them.
We have been trying to build affordable housing but that bond issue is taking forever.”
The ideal is that this growth would actually benefit everybody.
But we are pricing people out of their homes. We don’t tax income – instead we tax homes. That is what makes gentrification so damaging.
Long timers don’t want change.
It is important to think of artists who come in from outside not as interlopers but as part of a cultural exchange.
There are virtues to moving out of the city so a lot of it depends on your perspective of how you see the change. But the change is not your choice. That’s important.
How can access and privilege to develop North East DC be taken by the people who live here.
For a paint job and some new flooring I can double the rent.
The harder question becomes “what are we going to do about it?”
I feel guilty.
People in affordable housing don’t take care of their kids and bring in lots of drugs.
Where do artists stand in development? Artists do not generally come out on the winning side of gentrification. They contribute to gentrification in seeking out their livelihoods, but it is not fair to blame gentrification on them.
The problem is artists are not thought of as to what they are doing for a community, but how they can draw new audiences in.
How can I improve this place without making it too expensive for the people who live here.”
As we try to revamp the code to allow for creative solutions, people are afraid the code will get even worse.
How does economics not become the driving force?
Gentrification is good for some and not good for others, depending on power.
Communities are not prepared for this rapid growth and do not necessarily want it. 
How do we invest in a community. How do we increase the good and mitigate the bad. 
Clinging to identity gets in the way of positive change.
People don´t get involved in the change around them in an active and positive way until the pain gets greater than the fear.
Things that normally affect only minority communities are now affecting everyone.
We are very segregated – even in the same neighborhood the displaced and the displacers are don’t interact.
While there are certainly negative components. (Displacement and loss of authenticity) at its core gentrification ca be a good thing. It presumably is investment in a community.
We are growing so either you push people out or you change the core of the city. Either your form of housing is going to have to change or you are going to have to move. 
White kids are scared walking to school with their backpacks on past all of these people. 
Realize that through growth we are encroaching on a lot of creature’s turf.
How can we bring in corporate money without losing the artists.
We are going to be the poor displaced people.
The only way I can afford to live here is by pricing old-timers out. 
Moving in means pushing others out.
Does replacing nice family homes with crappy student housing count as gentrification?ç
I am more interested in people who have the same values as opposed to the same geographic upbringing.
With growth this rapid, some schools cannot meet the changing needs.
We have 2 school aged kids –what I see in gentrification that deeply saddens me is that gentrification is going to cause homogenized areas… we send our kids to a dual language school out of our district b/c otherwise they won’t know how to interact with other socio economic classes and backgrounds.
We are going to create humans that can’t properly interact with others because their neighborhoods are so separated. It is segregation all over again.
One thing that bums me out is not only what gentrification does to human beings but to nature. When I go down formerly sleepy streets and see a dead fox or coyote,  I realize that we are encroaching on a lot of creatures’ turf. Growth is destroying a lot of the balance. In this way it goes beyond Williamsburg – what it once was and what it is. It goes beyond those cultural changes because we are not changing a giant concrete city – there is a lot of green involved.
Does my kids’ backyard sound like the highway or the birds chirping?
To those who resent newcomers, I ask, “What are you gonna do, not love these people, or are you going to learn about them?”